Create log10.md (#2938)
Codecademy/docs: content/go/concepts/math-functions/terms/log10/log10.md

---
Title: 'Log10()'
Description: 'Returns the base-10 logarithm of a given number.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Math'
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`Log10()`** function in the Go programming language calculates the base-10 logarithm of a given number. It returns the logarithm value as a floating-point number.

## Syntax

```pseudo
func Log10(x float64) float64
```

`Log10()` accepts an argument of type `float64` and returns a value of type `float64`.

Note these special cases:

- If the input number `x` is negative or zero, the function will return `NaN` (not-a-number).

> - For positive finite values of `x`, the result will be a finite floating-point number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the input `x` is zero, the result will be `-Inf`.
- If the input `x` is `+Inf`, the result will be `+Inf`
```

## Example

> Example demonstrates the output of `Log10()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below demonstrates the basic use of `Log10()`.
```

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"math"
)

func main() {
	x := 10.0
	result := math.Log10(x)
	fmt.Printf("Log10(%f) = %f\n", x, result)
}
```

The above code results in the following output:

```shell
Log10(10.000000) = 1.000000
```

## Codebyte Example

> The runnable example demonstrates the output of `Log10()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below is runnable and demonstrates the results of `Log10()` with several values.
```

---
Title: 'Log10()'

> Description: 'Returns the base-10 logarithm of a given number'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the base-10 logarithm of a given number.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Math'
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`Log10()`** function in the Go programming language calculates the base-10 logarithm of a given number. It returns the logarithm value as a floating-point number.

## Syntax

```pseudo
func Log10(x float64) float64
```

> ## Parameters
> 
> `Log10()` accepts an argument of type `float64` and returns a value of type `float64`.
> 
> 
> >  Note these special cases:
> >- If the input number `x` is negative or zero, the function will return `NaN` (not-a-number).
> >- For positive finite values of `x`, the result will be a `finite floating-point number`.
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Log10()` accepts an argument of type `float64` and returns a value of type `float64`.

Note these special cases:

- If the input number `x` is negative or zero, the function will return `NaN` (not-a-number).
- For positive finite values of `x`, the result will be a finite floating-point number.

```

## Example

Example demonstrates the output of `Log10()`.

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"math"
)

func main() {
	x := 10.0
	result := math.Log10(x)
	fmt.Printf("Log10(%f) = %f\n", x, result)
}
```

The above code results in the following output:

```shell
Log10(10.000000) = 1.000000
```

## Codebyte Example

The runnable example demonstrates the output of `Log10()`.

```codebyte/golang
package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"math"
)

func main() {
	numbers := []float64{2.0, 10.0, 0.5, 100.0}
	
	fmt.Println("Log10 Calculations:")
	for _, x := range numbers {
		result := math.Log10(x)
		fmt.Printf("Log10(%.2f) = %.2f\n", x, result)
	}
}
```

> 
> The Output will be:
> ```shell
> Log10 Calculations:
> Log10(2.00) = 0.30
> Log10(10.00) = 1.00
> Log10(0.50) = -0.30
> Log10(100.00) = 2.00
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
We don't show output for codebytes because running the codebyte shows the output.
